clang-check: add page (#18515)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/clang-check.md

# clang-check

> > A tool for basic error checking and working with Clang's Abstract Syntax Tree (AST). It is part of Clang's LibTooling and is useful for debugging and analyzing C/C++ code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Check basic erros and work with Clang's Abstract Syntax Tree (AST).
> Part of Clang's LibTooling and is useful for debugging and analyzing C/C++ code.
```

> > More information: <https://clang.llvm.org/docs/ClangCheck.html>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> More information: <https://manned.org/clang-check>.
```
The original link only shows the user a single example.

- Run default checks on a source file:

> `clang-check {{path/to/file.cpp}} --`

Reviewer: What is the purpose of `--` here?
